Welcome back, guys.
So in this section of the course, we will going to learn how to work with POSIX timers.
SAPOL six timers are nothing, but these are POSIX compliant timers which are designed to perform a
run on Unix operating systems.
So you need to have a Linux running on your machine in order to do this course conceptual way.
The course is not very specific to Linux because whatever the concepts that you will run regarding timers,
the timers are implemented in that way only.
This is more of a conceptual course.
But all the demonstration that I will show you will be on Linux operating system.
All the codes that we will going to discuss can be downloaded from the CSIRO.
So visit this website or fork out this repository and create a copy of the source code on your local
machine.
We will going to disclose all the source code, which is present in the static tree.
So after this session, you will be able to create update and delete Linux primers.
You will be able to restart Bors resume or reschedule the timer at your will.
We will be able to file a periodic one short or exponential backoff timers and you will be able to create
or design applications which are timers oriented.
Once you get a pretty good hold on the time first and you will be able to implement time arabized algorithms
and straight machines.
So towards the end of the scores, we will going to build our own custom.
Taimur Library, right?
So do it as a mini project and add a mention of this project on your resumé to add a value.
So prerequisite of discourse is that you must have Linux operating system running on your machine,
whether as a virtual machine are native operating system, then you must be familiar with the callback
function pointers because timers are implemented are they are heavily dependent on function pointers
for their implementation.
And of course, as usual, all the demonstrations that I will show you are all the code that we will
discuss will be in seed.
So not that this is more of a conceptual in nature.
Once you understand how time outs are designed and implemented than you can implement the timer, it's
using your own favorite programming language, be it Python, Java or any other.
So not that we are learning programming concepts and not programming language or Linux, right.
So best of luck, guys, and I hope you will enjoy the scores, this course will going to be very much
interesting.